hi to all users of the tube here had
bear market test that speaks to you e
welcome to this tutorial and this
tutorial that today I will teach you how
download the pack for mac up
minecraft sp as you can see why
not even the sky bought and I know it is
one thing for tramps but I promise you that
soon I will buy it then as
download the liuc bach to the last one
updated version because I saw
I have found many tutorials too
a little in difficulty because I had to
find this make all the links here
they were correct or they were rare in
a zip point this is the tutorial
for mac but for windows in practice the
same thing and you have to do the same
proceeding then first
you have to go to this page here and there
will obviously leave the page in
description and download the file that the
kraft file the minecraft file a zip
once downloaded it will appear on the
desk you simply need to do two
click or have sex right open
with dyed compression and it will appear to you
this folder here with all the inside
kraft mode
etcetera etc. mod look at all
these herbs here now half work
it's done you just need to go finder
then library application support e
replace this folder here with
this just downloaded of course
guys if you want to keep all yours
save texture packs for hands
all save this water card in
another somewhere not now
in the back
the last one here more than on supports
we do replace
I fear a moment here it must be done and now
we 'll see we 'll do our minecraft sp
maybe hurry up pc is on the fucking of
our joked we wait listenings
but we wait obviously changed e
all your nickname
nico nov we wait see you see
here is the liuc pack what will now have to do
do download everything except in sets was
I had my computer a little slow because
above I have so many things or even
unfortunately had to install the machine
virtual here that fuses so much crap and i
I already have a little ram
however I have to change their computer if
it also loads success in multiple uploads
did not crash did not worry
it's just a little slow in my computer though
on yours it should work for a while
embarrassing this moment I must say
because I did n't expect it the other time if
this say no this time not just fans
tutorial because it takes so long not to get me
make shitty figures here then then
sorry for the shitty figure like
you can see here is the uk pack
let's do single player here already
created by another that I don't know who he is
was already with the package is now
let's load up my computer like
as usual very slow it really sucks
own abused mortar
look who knows that crazy guys
as you can see appearing in one
map with mind reached with just that
what then we go septic video we have
total distance
then we have all the animations and
deactivate obviously if
computer and lousy even here you have to
make you start you have all the applications
visa world lives under control
global mode setting little way because
we have everything then as we can see
an inventory of course also the mini
map and we have a kind of
tomorrow we can put ourselves in
no creative mode then I don't know
what we need then we have everything to no for
it is used to take all the objects
nearby those who on earth
no star to get over it we can
put the day notes art section for
as you see, we all see the
vocality now of the stuff of the bilc the min
industrial cross fabio misses shoulders here
of emerald emerald sapphire that
rubinho etc. etc. all
imaginable machinery possible
then said this i hope this
tutorial you have been quite useful
sorry peripherals I started from iupac
obviously this people I have you
said it is 100 percent working if
no it should not have just said maybe
may not work if anything
crafton other update and had to
stay up to date to update even the
the method is the same as I repeat you
once again it worked 100 percent
percent is this tutorial miss awards
it was useful well now we have
finished
I just have to tell you next time
hello everyone guys